what did I witness in this episode of
Kuroko no basket you wanna know what I
witnessed I witness greatness
Kuroko no basket greatness because this
is what I loved this anime series it has
in my opinion has no flaws I really love
watching basketball basketball games MBA
and stuff and to watch Kuroko no basket
a basketball anime that's so epic like
this it just makes me have more even
more happier to be a basketball fan like
this anime is so greatly done
it's so nicely made I loved this episode
we got Kagami open the second door of
endo zone and we find out this is the
truths own this is the real zone this
like the real awakened zone that was
supposedly
well that was supposed to be open
originally and to open it you have to
rely on your teammates you have to trust
your teammates you have to have a bond
with them and I was right once again the
gatekeeper was Kuroko I said that one of
my reviews and I was right I'm right a
lot a lot of the time regarding anime
stuff and other topics which is really
cool because I'm a beast so I'm being a
little too cocky whatever so we got bad
but then towards the ending kick Akashi
was not having that he said oh you're
essentially too early to be reducing
broke Kagami 's ankles and then shouted
- - even further the gap of the score is
only 47 seconds left the score is 98 to
105 nonsense Akashi just made that - and
if I was like Kashi I would just hold
the ball because if time is anything
like if it's close to the ending game
you have to hold the ball for a while so
you can win the game fit since this is
an anime and it has to be action-packed
all the time
action-packed I mean competitive all the
time rushing back and forth he's not
gonna do that
obviously but that would be the smart
move to do so he tightened he lengthened
the gap between the
course once again and I think that this
is a me a really hard game for setting
to win but I think they still overcome
it with Kagame means new sown his true
soul this is like when going awaken his
arm form his mr. gone form and Kagame
just awaiting his mr. kogami form in the
zone I mean was crying or Guevara was
sharing for Kuroko everybody was
cheering for steam setting I mean was
crying because if he saw the teamwork
they're putting in he finally understood
that even though he tossed away his
teammates that's the thing that cloud
made him awaken open the second door
open in the zone and truly be in the
true zone the zone where all your team
is are there a class she's not giving up
so I'm really excited to see what
happens next week's episode next week's
can be the final episode Kuroko no
basket
I believe the Kuroko no Basuke and manga
ended and I don't know if there's going
to be another season and if not thanks
again for bringing us this great
animating the creative Kuroko no Basuke
and the animation studio that brought us
this great animation every episode every
week was good no slow pace and it was
great all the way through the action and
I want to touch on the animation this
absolutely because you got some like HD
tree tree on no no not really
like computerized graphics i'm towards
the ending on the episode it really
looked cool with the passes in those
long passes in game like making game
plans and ozone which is a super fast
and they even said that they sone i'm
they're passing and everything is so
fast that is faster than akashi's
emperor i to keep up with even though
Akash is helping Siemens with his empire
the passes and all those plays are too
fast for him and slightly faster than
Empire eyes to see which is just crazy
and the audience um someone in the
audience was like I didn't even see what
happened in that play which is just
crazy
I love Kuroko no basket definitely one
of my top ten enemies of all time it
will be it is already one of my top 10
enemies of
time overall I enjoyed this episode I
think that team setting is gonna take
the win for the season finale and I
think akashi's gonna finally witness
loss even though he's back to his true
self I don't think he's gonna break down
like I said before because since he's
back to his true self he will finally
attain something he has never attained
before and that's a loss so yeah and
maybe you will learn from that and stop
being so cocky all the time and Auggie
water
he said something funny is like I want
to face the scene one day if he faces
setting he's gonna get rekt basically
overall I enjoyed this up so fully loved
everything that happens a lot of the
animation loved the cheering the other
heart pumping loved the passes
everything I'll give this episode a 10
out of 10 because it was just that
amazing to see hope you enjoyed this
video and if you did remember to rate
comment subscribe to my channel girl and
have an amazing day peace